in the history of the ranch of the
guamuchilito where they opened their beginnings
it does not end hard always since very young
humble was the friend who loves them lokarri
now they tell the stories that lived
there are things from scratch the two lines
keys 727 I liked going back with you
I remember that it came to mind
give me a forgetting trip but here I
rail
and between false stories follow the
stories that was not forgotten
My operations and the
ranch we left the money always
attracts problems and violent us
we did because that's how the lanes are
the witnesses who knew he was wearing
they respected the friend I live and this band
carmen pérez
although the weather is the sierra de ojinaga
when we all started we learned that
the power is in the streets and suddenly
He looks at me with my people and arms
also the company puts the reins to
people do not pay it like I did my
needs
I learned to spend money
I had luxuries and special things
women that I want the most I wash
relief
and in the music and all the attention to
the people I love the most
we tell them until we get tired
and we bought songs from 200 to 300
weekly and those talk about millions no
They are pears or melons
and in Colombia Pablo always waits for it and
he faced the lords
although I say it with great pleasure
tenth we begin